
This package contains software that crawls OPeNDAP servers and builds 
different kinds of metadata records. There are main() methods for almost all 
of the classes, although most are intended for simple testing only. To run the
crawler, etc., use the shell scripts that the ant build file 
(reap_crawler_build.xml) uses with the 'build' targets. These make executable
jar files that include a control file for the logging system.

Current shell commands provided:

ddx_crawler.sh: Based on DDXCrawler, this will crawl a server, fetching each
THREDDS catalog and caching it in POSTGRES. The URLs that reference all the
catalogs are stored in a ConcurrentHashMap (just 'map' from now on) which is
made persistent using its 'Serializable' interface. The ddx_crawler command
also extracts all of the DDX URLs from the catalogs and stores those in a
second map. Optionally, ddx_crawler will fetch all of those referenced DDX
objects and store those in POSTGRES, too. This command can also replay a crawl
using cached data and, if the feature is fixed, it can recover from problems
and resume a crawl. This works now if the crawl is interrupted by an Exception,
but support for CNTL-c and the like is missing.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URLs into servers that we should index for the ocean use case:

http://data.nodc.noaa.gov/opendap/ghrsst/
http://satdat1.gso.uri.edu/thredds/dodsC/NWPacificDec_1km
http://satdat1.gso.uri.edu/thredds/dodsC/NEPacificDec_1km
http://satdat1.gso.uri.edu/thredds/dodsC/NWAtlanticDec_1km
    
Other URLs:

This is a set of hand written catalogs that contain gnarly loops
http://test.opendap.org:8090/opendap/loop/catalog.xml

This URL tests how the crawler deals with catalog references that
fail (the server returns a 404 response when they are dereferenced)
http://test.opendap.org:8090/opendap/codar/radials_measpatts/bisl/2006/mar/catalog.xml

A smaller collection of datasets on test.opendap.org
http://test.opendap.org:8090/opendap/data/catalog.html
    
Everything on test.opendap.org
http://test.opendap.org:8090/opendap/catalog.xml

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

DDX URLs into the NODC GHRSST Server:

http://data.nodc.noaa.gov/opendap/ghrsst/L4/AUS/ABOM/RAMSSA_09km/2008/092/20080401-ABOM-L4HRfnd-AUS-v01-fv02_0-RAMSSA_09km.nc.bz2.ddx
http://data.nodc.noaa.gov/opendap/ghrsst/L4/GAL/EUR/ODYSSEA/2008/023/20080123-EUR-L4UHRfnd-GAL-v01-fv01-ODYSSEA.nc.bz2.ddx

Other datasets that are part of the Ocean Use case:
The HYCOM site, our AVHRR site and the JPL MODIS site - all in the Matlab toolbox thing.